# Optimizing an ML Pipeline in Azure

## Overview
This project is part of the Udacity Azure ML Nanodegree.
In this project, we build and optimize an Azure ML pipeline using the Python SDK and a provided Scikit-learn model.
This model is then compared to an Azure AutoML run.

## Problem Statement
In this project a bank marketing dataset is used. It contains phone calls from a direct marketing compaign of a Portoguese banking institution,
and can be downloaded at the following link: [dataset](<https://automlsamplenotebookdata.blob.core.windows.net/automl-sample-notebook-data/bankmarketing_train.csv>)
The dataset has a series of information (age, job, marital, education, etc...) for a total of 32950 observations, 20 features, and a target variable (y)
with two possible values: yes or no.
The task is addressed as a classification task and the goal is to predict if a client will subscribe a term deposit (y variable)
Two different approaches have been investigated. The first one use a logistic regression model with hyperparameters tuning using HyperDrive,
the second one use the power of AutoML.

## Scikit-learn Pipeline
** Explain the pipeline architecture, including data, hyperparameter tuning, and classification algorithm. **

** What are the benefits of the parameter sampler you chose? **

** What are the benefits of the early stopping policy you chose? **

## AutoML
** Describe the model and parameters generated by AutoML. **

## Pipeline comparison
** Compare the two models and their performance. **

## Future work
** What are some areas of improvement for future experiments? Why might these improvements improve the model?**

## Proof of cluster clean up
** If you did not delete your compute cluster in the code, please complete this section. Otherwise, delete this section. **
** Image of cluster marked for deletion **
